---
layout:     post
title:      What is Presscast?
date:       2018-12-23 15:31:19
summary:    What you can do with Presscast.
categories: presscast tutorial
---

# What is Presscast

Presscast is a new way of generating sales leads.  It allows you to embed messages you write into online content your customers are already reading.  The text you embed can contain links to your website, so Presscast fits into existing content-marketing and SEO strategies, but it's so much more than that!

## Who uses Presscast?

### Digital Marketers

Presscast's workflow will feel familiar to anyone who's used Google Ads or inbound marketing techniques. Marketers use Presscast to fill the top of the sales funnel with ultra-high quality leads.  In our studies, Presscast leads convert 30% better than Google or Facebook ads for B2C campaigns, and 90% better for B2B.

### Public Relations Professionals

PR Professionals use Presscast for strategic, marketing and crisis communications.  Presscast guarantees their clients will be cited by relevant publishers, and provides detailed reporting on reach and impact.

### SEO Agencies

SEO experts use Presscast to embed links and text into ultra-relevant content.  Because the SEO content is tailored to the publication, Presscast respects Google's SEO guidelines and has a greater impact on page rank than competitors.

### Startups & Growth-Hackers

Startup founders and growth-hackers rely on Presscast to quickly generate sales and track customer acquisition costs.  Presscast's pay-as-you-go pricing means they can start quickly and optimize their campaigns on-the-fly.

## How does it work?

Presscast connects you to relevant content and lets you embed your message natively.  It's a simple three-step process, and takes only minutes:

1. [Configure your campaigns](2018-12-23-campaign.md) and get notified of relevant content.
2. Pick your favorite content and add your mesage.
3. Track performance and optimize your budget.

## Next steps

- [Quickstart](2018-12-23-quickstart.md)
- [Using Filters and Managing Campaigns](2018-12-23-campaign.md)
- [Optimizing Content](2018-12-23-optimize.md)
